first light and Frank is looking for
Habiba he's got the latest GPS fix from
her tracking collar but he needs to make
sure the herd is safe yeah we just cross
the cross the river to come another look
at these girls the seniors here
it's habiba and the orphans frank is
straight on the phone to David
hi David we found her and she's looking
fine
she's with with her baby and four others
a little bit on the skinny side but
she's fine and she looks like she's
heading back into the research he's
turned away from this one so a big
relief yeah okay oh yeah hey what I'd
like to do now is just to stay here with
them and just make sure that they're not
gonna go any further that way I'd just
like to see what her what her strategy
is now and it's just as well he stuck
around
an elephant family with a mature
matriarch has appeared habiba and the
orphans are making their way towards
them they might be trying to join this
larger herd so honey this group and this
new family er I'm living directly
towards each other one of them has
already gone over to greet them so this
mingling has begun and we're getting
some contact rumbles as they as they
start talking to one another
these friendly rumbles suggest the other
family is welcoming her Bieber and the
orphans
that's so great there's at least 15 15
elephants joining up with herbiness 5
it's exactly what Frank and David have
been hoping for that the new family will
take these inexperienced young elephants
under their wing they're happy there to
see her united with a bigger the bigger
group it's Imelda she announced that she
can rely on there's a better chance that
she'll be given the guidance she needs
to make good decisions in life and and
not to go wandering off into danger
areas and to stick whether feelings good
have the courage to go out this showing
areas where there's even better feeding
that's really lovely to see
you